ATR-677: Add RN draft for 3.1 (#458)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/dev/Troubleshooting/Troubleshooting.md

#Troubleshooting

## Resolving Issues with Installing Updates

Sometimes, when you install an update of Acuminator, the code analysis and, therefore, diagnostics may stop working. 
To resolve this issue, you can try the following approaches:
 - Check and remove remaining Acuminator files from the Visual Studio folder
 - Clear MEF cache using an extension
 
Before you try any of the approaches, you need to remove the Acuminator extension.
 
### Removing Acuminator Files
In some cases, the Acuminator files from the previous version may remain in the Local folder of Visual Studio.
To remove these Acuminator files, do the following:
1. Locate the Visual Studio folder. The location of the folder may depend on the installation settings. An example location is the following where <User_Name> is the name of your user in Windows:
   `C:\Users\<User_Name>\AppData\Local\Microsoft\VisualStudio`

>    If you do not see the AppData folder in the File Explorer, you need to enable showing of hidden folders in the Control Panel.

Author: I thought such instruction can be omitted because it is not related to Acuminator and usually people know how to do that.
For exampe, I did it multiple times and probably would have found the setting by myself if you didn't tell me where to look.

>    If you do not see the AppData folder in the File Explorer, you need to enable showing of hidden folders in the Control Panel.

Reviewer: People usually don't change these settings multiple times. They do it at most once when they configure machine, some people don't even know that they have hidden folders since it requires some knowledge about the operation system. 
When I configured this setting for my machine last time I had to Google where to find this setting. I don't mind if we just provide a link to one of such guides like this one:
https://www.technipages.com/show-hidden-files-windows

2. In the VisualStudio folder, locate the folder for your version of Visual Studio. The folder's name contains the number of the Visual Studio version and the hashed string that contains the update number. For example, `17.0_b0a1b8a3`.
3. In the folder for your version of Visual Studio, open the `Extensions` folder.

> 4. In the Extensions folder, find the folder with name is a unique identifier for the Acuminator extension. You can find these folder by locating the Acumintor.dll file in it.

Reviewer: Here there should be a couple of words about the names of the folders:
```suggestion
4. In the Extensions folder Visual Studio keeps files of Visual Studio extensions installed by user. Visual Studio stores each extension in a folder with a randomly generated name. Find the folder that contains Acuminator extension. It will be the folder with Acuminator dll in it. 
```

   If there is no such folder, all Acuminator files were deleted by the system and you need to try the other approach.
   If the folder exists, remove it. 
   
### Clearing the MEF Cache
To clear the MEF cache, do the following:
1. Install the [Clear MEF Component Cache]("https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.ClearMEFComponentCache") extension.

>    After the extension is installed, the new command **Clear MEF Component Cache** appears in the Tools menu of Visual Studio.

Reviewer: Would be good to have a screenshot here

2. In Visual Studio, go to **Tools > Clear MEF Component Cache**.
3. In the dialog box which appear, click **Yes**.
The cache is cleared. 

> After that, you can try installing Acuminator.

Reviewer: `After that, you can try installing Acuminator.`
This sentence I think should be moved out of the second approach because it is applicable to both approaches

#Troubleshooting

## Resolving Issues with Installing Updates

Sometimes, when you install an update of Acuminator, the code analysis and, therefore, diagnostics may stop working. 
Before you try any of the approaches, you need to remove the Acuminator extension.
To resolve this issue, you can try the following approaches:
 - Check and remove remaining Acuminator files from the Visual Studio folder
 - Clear MEF cache using an extension
After trying these approaches, you can try installing Acuminator.
 
### Removing Acuminator Files
In some cases, the Acuminator files from the previous version may remain in the the folder Visual Studio stores installed extensions.
To remove these Acuminator files, do the following:
1. Locate the Visual Studio folder. The location of the folder may depend on the installation settings. An example location is the following where <User_Name> is the name of your user in Windows:
   `C:\Users\<User_Name>\AppData\Local\Microsoft\VisualStudio`

>    > **NOTE:** If you do not see the AppData folder in the File Explorer, you need to enable showing of hidden folders in the Control Panel. For the instruction, see [How to Show Hidden Files in Windows 10](https://www.technipages.com/show-hidden-files-windows).

Reviewer: An empty line here would help
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7687400/203076483-35c32cb1-7144-42d2-96bb-f0e6c96287b6.png)

	The folder's name contains the special number of the Visual Studio version (`16` corresponds to Visual Studio 2019, `17` corresponds to Visual Studio 2022) and the hashed string that contains the update number. For example, `17.0_b0a1b8a3`.
3. In the folder for your version of Visual Studio, open the `Extensions` folder.
	In the `Extensions` folder, Visual Studio stores files of Visual Studio extensions installed by the user. Visual Studio stores each extension in a folder with a randomly generated name. 
4. In the `Extensions` folder, find the folder that contains the Acuminator extension. The folder contains Acuminator.dll. 
   If there is no such folder, all Acuminator files were deleted by the system and you need to try the other approach.
   If the folder exists, remove it. 
   
### Clearing the MEF Cache
To clear the MEF cache, do the following:
1. Install the [Clear MEF Component Cache]("https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.ClearMEFComponentCache") extension.
   After the extension is installed, the new command **Clear MEF Component Cache** appears in the **Tools** menu of Visual Studio as shown in the following screenshot.
   <br/>

>    ![Clear MEF Component Cache](../../images/Tools_ClearMEFCache.png)<br/>

Reviewer: Can we display the image embedded in the page?
